feat: Editorial review: Long animation frames API docs (#33039)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/api/performancelonganimationframetiming/styleandlayoutstart/index.md

---
title: "PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming: styleAndLayoutStart property"
short-title: styleAndLayoutStart
slug: Web/API/PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming/styleAndLayoutStart
page-type: web-api-instance-property
status:
  - experimental
browser-compat: api.PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming.styleAndLayoutStart
---

{{SeeCompatTable}}{{APIRef("Performance API")}}

> The **`styleAndLayoutStart`** readonly property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the beginning of the time period spent in style and layout calculations for the current animation frame, in milliseconds.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The **`styleAndLayoutStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the beginning of the time period spent in style and layout calculations for the current animation frame, in milliseconds.
```

> The **`styleAndLayoutStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the beginning of the time period spent in style and layout calculations for the current animation frame, in milliseconds.

Reviewer 2: I am guessing this is also a timestamp (the starting time)?
Or is it the period spent in "style and layout calculations"? From the name, it seems it is the "Start" timestamp.
If updating, the change will need to be replicated everywhere.
```suggestion
The **`styleAndLayoutStart`** read-only property of the {{domxref("PerformanceLongAnimationFrameTiming")}} interface returns a {{domxref("DOMHighResTimeStamp")}} indicating the beginning of the time period spent in style and layout calculations for the current animation frame.
```

Author: Correct, removed in all places.

Reviewer 2: Thank you!
